Hi guys, in this video I'm going to show
you how to use uh chat GP
MN
port library. Okay, let's go. Okay,
first open the docker.
Okay, now let's launch the end.
Start from here.
Okay. On the local host.
After that, let's create a new workflow.
In this workflow, we're going to add
first of all sub trigger.
Sub trigger.
Close it from here.
Now, let's add EI agent.
Okay. Connected.
Okay, it's fine. Now it's rot here and m
simply
okay. Now let's add our chat model. I'm
going to use open AI chat. Okay. To use
it for free, we have to use this one.
Open router chat model.
Okay. Create a new credential.
want to add the
right here uh pi of the
open
router. Okay, let's search for open
router.
Okay, open router. Uh first of all, we
have to create an account, right? A
router like this. And let's go here.
After creating an account,
go right here. Let's begin one by one.
Okay. Sign out.
After sign out, you have to sign up. Use
your Google account.
It's free.
Okay. Choose account this. Let's choose
this one. Ali fusion. Hit continue.
Okay. Agree. Hit continue.
Okay. To use CHP for free, you have to
search here GPT.
Okay. GPT. This one come you can use
this model GPOS
120 billion for free or this model.
Okay. Let's search this map.
After that, let's go a quick start from
here. Create API key. To create this API
key, we have
select this button. You want to choose
API.
Hit create. After creating this, this is
my API key.
Return to the workflow and paste right
here. After that, hit save.
Return here. You got to choose my GPT.
GPT
or free 20 billion.
Uh this one I think uh this one is the
right one. Uh better life. Let's test
out our open chat. Say her.
Let's see.
Okay. The resource is your flink could
not be found.
What's this problem?
Choose the right model. Let's see that.
Hi.
>> Okay. Uh this red mode it works uh
perfectly.
This one the GPDOS
120 uh billion.
Okay. How are you? You can tell
where are you? Tell me
about
and let's see.
It takes some time.
This is the atom. What is an atom?
Definition
intra structure quantum mechanic review
principles and this is for the
information about the atoms.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
all for this video. See you later on the
next video.